README.md, before:

# READ ME

## Repository
This ECE457B-Project repository is for our ECE 457B course project code that is to identify traffic lights and determine the state of the light. We are using MATLAB, Python, or a combination of the two as the language(s) for the code. 

### Getting Started with Git for Noobs
- To get started with this repo, clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/FatsoTheFatCat/fydp.git`.
- Create a new development branch: `git branch -b "name-of-new-branch"`.
	- You may need to set up the reference between your local branch and the remote branch: `git remote add origin https://github.com/user/repo.git`
- At any point in time, if you want to check which files have been modified: `git status`
	- You can see the changes for a specific file with: `git diff name-of-file`
		- To exit the diff, click `q` then ENTER
- When you're ready to save, 
	- Add all of the files that you've made changes: `git add name-of-file` for *each* file
	- And commit them with a meaningful message: `git commit -m "message"`
- To sync your local changes to this remote repo: `git push`

## Google Drive
All documents that are not related to the code can be found in the [Google Drive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1M1plBcnhegLwSaiPPLZklaQgRg5EIrXn). 

### Quick Links for the Lazy
- The [abstract](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZBz8FSdKXtranuD9776v9mL3-Mel_CRa92d5Meu22mA/edit) 
- The [project breakdown](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZlG1GSS3TV5sRj9UF_Ga9RSwD9NqFFNQj3LVpt5NLDM/edit)

### References 
References used in the Abstract:
- https://www.researchgate.net/publication/4092560_Robust_recognition_of_traffic_signals
- http://cvrr.ucsd.edu/vivachallenge/index.php/traffic-light/traffic-light-detection/
- https://bib.irb.hr/datoteka/230701.Antunovic-Glavas_FuzzyLogicApproach_01a.pdf
- https://www.researchgate.net/publication/289511732_Traffic_Light_Recognition_During_the_Night_Based_on_Fuzzy_Logic_Clustering
- [Different states of traffic lights in Ontario](https://www.ontario.ca/document/official-mto-drivers-handbook/traffic-lights)

References for the size of Ontario traffic lights:
- https://www.toronto.ca/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/98fd-ecs-specs-tcspecs-section-801-320-design-rec-for-traffic-signal-installation.pdf
- http://www.directtraffic.ca/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/Book-121.pdf
- http://www.bv.transports.gouv.qc.ca/per/0980389/15_Book_12_training.pdf

Commit message:

Update Read Me with alternative for setting repo upstream

README.md, after:

# READ ME

## Repository
This ECE457B-Project repository is for our ECE 457B course project code that is to identify traffic lights and determine the state of the light. We are using MATLAB, Python, or a combination of the two as the language(s) for the code. 

### Getting Started with Git for Noobs
- To get started with this repo, clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/FatsoTheFatCat/fydp.git`.
- Create a new development branch: `git branch -b "name-of-new-branch"`.
	- You may need to set up the reference between your local branch and the remote branch: `git remote add origin https://github.com/user/repo.git`. Don't worry if this doesn't work, there is an alternative for the first time you push (see 3 bullets down).
- At any point in time, if you want to check which files have been modified: `git status`
	- You can see the changes for a specific file with: `git diff name-of-file`
		- To exit the diff, click `q`
- When you're ready to save, 
	- Add all of the files that you've made changes: `git add name-of-file` for *each* file
	- And commit them with a meaningful message: `git commit -m "message"`
- To sync your local changes to this remote repo: `git push`. Note that the first time you push (if your origin setup didn't work), then you'll need to set the upstream: `git push --set-upstream origin name-of-your-branch`

## Google Drive
All documents that are not related to the code can be found in the [Google Drive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1M1plBcnhegLwSaiPPLZklaQgRg5EIrXn). 

### Quick Links for the Lazy
- The [abstract](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZBz8FSdKXtranuD9776v9mL3-Mel_CRa92d5Meu22mA/edit) 
- The [project breakdown](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZlG1GSS3TV5sRj9UF_Ga9RSwD9NqFFNQj3LVpt5NLDM/edit)

### References 
References used in the Abstract:
- https://www.researchgate.net/publication/4092560_Robust_recognition_of_traffic_signals
- http://cvrr.ucsd.edu/vivachallenge/index.php/traffic-light/traffic-light-detection/
- https://bib.irb.hr/datoteka/230701.Antunovic-Glavas_FuzzyLogicApproach_01a.pdf
- https://www.researchgate.net/publication/289511732_Traffic_Light_Recognition_During_the_Night_Based_on_Fuzzy_Logic_Clustering
- [Different states of traffic lights in Ontario](https://www.ontario.ca/document/official-mto-drivers-handbook/traffic-lights)

References for the size of Ontario traffic lights:
- https://www.toronto.ca/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/98fd-ecs-specs-tcspecs-section-801-320-design-rec-for-traffic-signal-installation.pdf
- http://www.directtraffic.ca/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/Book-121.pdf
- http://www.bv.transports.gouv.qc.ca/per/0980389/15_Book_12_training.pdf
